Implements map of electronics gifting cities (#141)
margaritahumanitarian/helpafamily: docs/env_vars.md

# Environment Variables

We use environment variables to store secrets such as API keys.

## How This Project Sets Per-Environment Variables

To set environment variables in each environment:

* Dev: Copy *.env.example* to *.env* then replace any sample values with real ones as per below
* Prod: Set the Preview and Production values in [Vercel > Settings > Environment Variables](https://vercel.com/margaritahumanitarian/helpafamily/settings/environment-variables)

## Google Maps API Key

`NEXT_PUBLIC_GMAPS_JS_API_KEY `

API key for the Maps JavaScript API. 

### Getting a Key

Instructions for getting this key: [Maps JavaScript API: Using API Keys > Creating API Keys](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/get-api-key#creating-api-keys)

> In the Google console, name it something like **REACT_APP_GOOGLE_KEY (Dev, audreyfeldroy)** or **REACT_APP_GOOGLE_KEY (Prod)**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Google console, name it something like ** NEXT_PUBLIC_GMAPS_JS_API_KEY (Dev, audreyfeldroy)** or ** NEXT_PUBLIC_GMAPS_JS_API_KEY (Prod)**:
```

![Google Maps JS API Key Naming](./images/gmaps-key-naming.png)

That will help you identify which key is for which environment.

### Key Restrictions

If you're just using this key for local development, it's okay to leave *Key restrictions* as None like this:

<img alt="Google Maps JS API Key Restrictions: Dev Environment" src="./images/gmaps-key-restrictions-dev.png" width="600"/>

> 

Reviewer: For the Vercel preview key, the *Website restrictions* setting will be something like:

```
*-margaritahumanitarian.vercel.app/*
```
